Task 1
Data Quality Assessment
Assessment of data quality and completeness in preparation for analysis

Sprocket Central Pty Ltd needs help with its customer and transactions data. The organisation has a large dataset relating to its customers, but their team is unsure how to effectively analyse it to help optimise its marketing strategy. 

However, in order to support the analysis, you speak to the Associate Director for some ideas and she advised that “the importance of optimising the quality of customer datasets cannot be underestimated. The better the quality of the dataset, the better chance you will be able to use it drive company growth.”

The client provided KPMG with 3 datasets:

Customer Demographic 
Customer Addresses
Transactions data in the past 3 months


Task 2
Data Insights
Targeting high value customers based on customer demographics and attributes.

Using the existing 3 datasets (Customer demographic, customer address and transactions) as a labelled dataset, please recommend which of these 1000 new customers should be targeted to drive the most value for the organisation. 

n building this recommendation, we need to start with a PowerPoint presentation which outlines the approach which we will be taking. The client has agreed on a 3 week scope with the following 3 phases as follows - Data Exploration; Model Development and Interpretation.

Prepare a detailed approach for completing the analysis including activities – i.e. understanding the data distributions, feature engineering, data transformations, modelling, results interpretation and reporting. This detailed plan needs to be presented to the client to get a sign-off. Please advise what steps you would take. 

Please ensure your PowerPoint presentation includes a detailed approach for our strategy behind each of the 3 phases including activities involved in each - i.e. understanding the data distributions, feature engineering, data transformations, modelling, results interpretation and reporting. This detailed plan needs to be presented to the client to get a sign-off.

Task 3
Data Insights and Presentation
Using visualisations to present insights

After building the model we need to present our results back to the client. 
It is important to keep in mind the business context when presenting your findings:

What are the trends in the underlying data?
Which customer segment has the highest customer value?
What do you propose should be Sprocket Central Pty Ltd ’s marketing and growth strategy?
What additional external datasets may be useful to obtain greater insights into customer preferences and propensity to purchase the products?



